Alright. The next three sections of
this course are right out of my Docker
for Java developers course. I'm adding
this to into the Spring course because
there's a lot more interesting things
that I wanna be doing, and I feel that
you might be able to leverage Docker for
this. So we're gonna get into working
with things like MySQL, Mongo,
specifically, Mongo because we want
to do that fun reactive stuff.
Unfortunately, we can't do that with a
relational databases because, at the time I'm recording this, the JDBC
specification doesn't support reactive
program. So it's not there yet.
But, Mongo does have a Reactive driver, so
we're gonna have a lot of fun with that.
As I was developing this, it's like, I
know you guys are gonna have to run
MySQL, Mongo, and Docker is the ideal tool for that.
Docker isn't just a technology for
deploying your applications into
production, and some that you can use, as a developer, to easily bring up a MySQL
database or a Mongo database. So, the next three sections of this course are kind
of like a little added bonus because I
know I'm a big fan of Docker technology.
Because of all the different
technologies we have to work with. So if
we get into doing something like
Cassandra, or need a RabbitMQ database, or
message broker, not a database. That
RabbitMQ is a message broker. Further
down the road, we are gonna get
into working with RabbitMQ. Docker
is a fantastic technology for that.
This isn't mandatory. Docker works
great on Linux, OS X, Windows 10, I think
it's Windows 10 Professional. Previous
versions of Windows are a little flaky.
You do have to run Oracle VirtualBox to
get Docker up and running because it
runs inside a Linux container. So, kind of
optional for that. So going forward, you
don't need to use Docker inside of this
course for everything.
I, personally, I'm a fan of Docker. I'm
running on OS X, so it makes it crazy easy
to spool up a Postgres database or MySQL
database or a RabbitMQ message broker so just makes that stuff super easy.
That's why I'm including it in this
course. As we get into these other
technologies, where you need some type of client like that, you will have the
option of using Docker or you can install it for your native
platform. So whether you're running on
Windows, I hope you're not one in a
Windows, I'm not a big fan, but if you're
running on Windows, OS X or Linux, most of
the technologies we're gonna be
getting into, are supported on those
different platforms. Worst case, you can
use VirtualBox from Oracle. That's
completely free, so is Docker to run
these different technologies. But in this,
I hope you enjoy the next three sections
and get a lot of benefit out of it
because I am a huge fan of Docker. I use
it for development all the time, and the
next three courses are gonna take you or
the next three sections of the course,
I'm gonna take you through what is
docker, all the way to the point where
you can take a Spring Boot application,
and deploy that in a Docker container.
You'll get to see a lot of different
technologies along the way in the core
so I think it's gonna give you a good
foundation with Docker and a lot of fun
to do.